Define test cases (#153)
Kattis/problem-package-format: spec/2023-07-draft.md

| `.args`                         | Input                | Input passed as command-line arguments |
| `.files`                        | Input                | Input available via file I/O           | 

Judge systems may assume that the result of running a program on a test case is deterministic. 

> In other words, for any two test cases, if the contents of their `.in` and `.args` files,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any two test cases, if the contents of their `.in` and `.args` files,
```

and `.files` folder are equivalent, then the input of the two test cases is equivalent. 

> Additionally, for any two test cases, if their input,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that for any two test cases, if their input,
```

<div class="not-icpc"> output validator flags (see test data groups below)</div>
and the contents of their `.ans` files are equivalent, then the test cases are equivalent. 

> For that purpose, a judge system could choose to reuse the result of a previous run, or re-run the equivalent test case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The assumption of determinism means that a judge system could choose to reuse the result of a previous run, or to re-run the equivalent test case.
```

### Input

Each test case can supply input via standard input, command-line arguments, and/or the file system. 
These options are not exclusive. 
For a test case with base name `test`, the file `test.in` is piped to the submission as standard input. 

> The submission's filename is passed as the first command-line argument, followed by the whitespace-separated tokens in `test.args`, if the file exists.

Author: I do not think this is the right wording.
This is correct in the case of a single file submission and, for example, python.
In general this is not true and I think we should simply skip mentioning the first argument or say that it follows from how programs are run in general, so the main entry point is the first argument, whether it be binary, main class or main file.

Reviewer: That's a good point. I really don't know how to write that though... :)

Author: Will make ticket for this
